The Dorian Principle, a biblical response to the commercialization of Christianity by Conley Owens.
Forward.
So my knowledge, a book like this has never been written.
Bits and pieces of its truths have been scattered throughout the large body of Christian literature over the centuries,
but no one has ever written a book devoted entirely to showing the relationship between money and your history.
One wonders why this book was in written centuries ago since 2000 years of Church History shows a shameful record of reproach
brought on by greedy teachers, those who used their knowledge of God's Word to personally profit and cause gain fairs occasion to blaspheme the name of the Lord.
Since 2006, personal publications have freely given away over 300,000 copies of publications to people who are hungry for the Word of God.
This, of course, is our reasonable service.
We deserve no special accolades for obeying the commands to preach the Word and freely give.
However, by the free distribution of the Word of God, we cannot be accused of making merchandise of God's Word.
On the contrary, we can cite examples of God's Word bringing forth much fruit for His glory. This brings comfort to the conscience.
Our methods matter. In other words, the tactics we employ to increase the kingdom of God must arise from sound theology.
In such a holy enterprise, the ends do not justify the means.
When our works are tested on judgment day, many will be surprised to find much of their works rooted in selfish greedy motives.
As the Scripture says, "Let each one take care how he builds upon it. For no one can lay a foundation other than that which is laid which is Jesus Christ."
Now, if anyone builds on the foundation with gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, straw, each one's work will become manifest.
For the day will disclose it, because it will be revealed by fire, and the fire will test what sort of work each one has done."
1 Corinthians 3, 10-13.
The challenge this book provides will not discourage you when God's vineyard, but inspire you further to test everything, hold fast what is good, and stain from every form of evil.
This testing process will result in more lasting fruit and a ministry more useful in the master's service.
You will find the Dorian Principle to be under-girded with theological and biblical accuracy, carefully researched with attention to detail and depth of insight, the value of this book cannot be overstated.
Joseph M. Jackalich, President, First Love Ministries.
End of Forward.